Fix a bunch of spelling mistakes found using codespell (#2024)
chaos-polymtl/lethe: doc/source/examples/unresolved-cfd-dem/gas-solid-spouted-cylinder-bed/gas-solid-spouted-cylinder-bed.rst

Boundary Conditions
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Regarding the boundary conditions, we apply slip boundary condition to the wall, a uniform Dirichlet boundary condition at the bottom of the small channel, and outlet to the top of the cylinder. The following schematic figure describes the ID of each boundary and the position of the floating wall.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Regarding the boundary conditions, we apply slip boundary conditions to the walls, a uniform Dirichlet boundary condition at the bottom of the small channel, and outlet to the top of the cylinder. The following schematic figure illustrates the ID of each boundary and the position of the floating wall.
```

> .. image:: images/ID.png

Reviewer: Unrelated, but in the parameters, there is an `ID 6` however, we don't see it on the figure. And, the 2nd `ID 3` (next to the inlet) is a bit confusing, I am not sure that's supposed to be there; I don't see how it is an outlet.
Also, is `ID 4` the bottom wall or the side walls?
This figure seems to need a little update.

<img width="543" height="583" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/8fb0804e-65db-436b-8d8f-11434c5647af" />

I believe that `ID 4` -> `ID 6` and the bottom `ID 3`->`ID 4`.

Author: I'll open an issue, this is out of the scope of the present PR.
